We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us. ~ Joseph Campbell
Maybe not today, or tomorrow, or even in a year. But eventually, things will turn up. You will get better and be able to look back and say: “I made it!”
Just because your past didn’t turn out exactly as you wanted it to, doesn't mean your future can’t be better than you ever imagined.
Some changes look negative on the surface but you will soon realize that space is being created in your life for something new to emerge. ~ Eckhart Tolle
What appears to be the end, is actually a new beginning.
Maybe not today, or tomorrow, or even in a year. But eventually, things will turn up. You will get better and be able to look back and say: “I made it!”
Some people think it's holding on that makes them strong, when actually, it's being able to let go.
You can’t start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one.
Patience is key for getting over a breakup. That and trailing off your interaction after the breakup. ~ Drake
Accept what is, let go of what was, and have faith in what will be.
The poison leaves bit by bit, not all at once. Be patient. You are healing. ~ Yasmin Mogahed
Don't cry over the past, it's gone. Don't stress about the future, it hasn't arrived. Live in the present and make it beautiful.
Change is hard at first, messy in the middle and gorgeous at the end ~ Robin Sharma
Inhale the future. Exhale the past.
Inner peace begins the moment you choose not to allow another person or event to control your emotions. ~ Pema Chodron
If you really want closure, at some point you have to shut the door. ~ Jacki Wells Wunderlin
You don’t need closure. You just need to give yourself permission to move on.~ Steve Harvey
Sometimes, we survive by forgetting.
Always believe that something wonderful is about to happen.
No matter how badly people treat you, never sink to their level. Just remember that you are better than that and walk away.
When you see me, I want you to recognize what you had, regret what you lost, and realize what you're never getting back.
Sometimes, we have to let go of what's killing us, even if it's killing us to let go.
Don’t cling to a mistake just because you spent a long time making it.
As soon as your ex sees you smiling, that's the minute they want you back.
The best relationships usually begin unexpectedly.
Just because you miss someone, doesn’t mean you need them back in your life. Missing is just a part of moving on.
Pain is the fist that knocks you down. Forgiveness is the hand that helps you back up again. ~ Doe Zantamata
The best way to predict the future is to create it. ~ Peter Drucker
Some people are going to leave, but that's not the end of your story, That's just the end of their part in your story.
You're not ready for your next, if you're still trying to impress your ex.
Guys are like bras, they hook up behind your back.
Cheating is easy. Try something more challenging, like being faithful.
Of course I'm not jealous when I see you with your new love. My parents always taught me to give to those less fortunate than myself.
I may have cried when you left me, but I definitely laughed when I saw who you left me for.
Some people treat relationships like a video game. They play them and when they get bored, they cheat.
I'm truly sorry I hurt your feelings when I called you stupid, but I honestly thought you knew!
Mirrors don't lie and luckily for you, they don't laugh!
You only had one very annoying habit...breathing!
I've found puddles deeper than you.
Nope, I checked my receipt and I definitely didn't buy any of your bullshine!
Don't ever be ashamed of what you did. That's your parents' job.
I miss you like an idiot misses the point.
I have neither the time, nor the crayons, to explain this to you.
All I’m saying is that I’ve never seen you and Satan in the same room.
Just two things. 1. Where have you been all my life? 2. Can you go back there please?
Keep rolling those eyes of yours and you may eventually find a brain cell up there.
I honestly forgive you for dumping me. I realize now that not everybody has perfect taste.
There's no need to repeat yourself. I heard you just fine the first time.
Have you ever listened to someone for a while and wondered..."who ties your shoelaces for you?"
Ever looked at your ex and wondered,"Was I drunk the entire relationship?"
I am so proud of my heart. It’s been played, burned and broken, but somehow, it still works.
Being single is better than being lied to, cheated on and disrespected.
When love is real, it doesn’t lie, cheat, pretend or keep secrets.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional. ~ M. Kathleen Casey
It only takes one bad ex to realize you deserve so much more.
The worst kind of hurt is betrayal, because it means someone was willing to hurt you, just to make themselves feel better.
I thought I still loved you but then I realized I only loved the memories of the person I had thought you were.
Sometimes, your heart just needs more time to accept what your mind already knows.
What consumes your mind, controls your life.
Stop treating yourself as a victim of your past. Just be a confident survivor and you will be able to handle anything. ~ Aarti Khurana
Sorry for all the things I said about you, but I guess the truth always hurts.I will always be eternally grateful that you set me free and gave me the opportunity to discover my true worth.
When the past calls, let it go to voicemail. It has nothing new to say.
Thanks for showing me that I was down-dating with you.
You remind me of a penny. Two-faced and not worth very much.
Waiting for you is like waiting for the rain in a drought. Useless and disappointing.
I don't like to call it revenge. Returning the favor sounds better.
Revenge is beneath me, but accidents do happen!
If only more people were fluent in the art of silence.
Thank you for showing me what I don't need in my life.
Roses are red, violets are blue. I've got 5 fingers and the middle one's for you.
I was better than your ex. I'll be better than your next. And I sure as hell, am better than the rest.
I may not be perfect, but at least I'm not you.
Everyone has the right to be stupid, but you're really abusing the privilege.
Thankfully, you're no longer part of my life, but I wish you all the best with yours.
My heart has no room for you, but the trunk of my car definitely does.
You're not even worth the calories I burn talking to you.
I’m not insulting you. I’m describing you.
Don’t take yourself so seriously, no one else does.
I’m busy right now, can I ignore you some other time?