I love ME too!
Well, who doesn’t?
Okay.
You better!
I get that a lot!
I know.
Can I buy you a drink or do you prefer cash?
You are day-dreaming again!
I love You...Tube!
Awww, but my hatred for you is even more truthful than this.
HAHAHAHAHAHA...what?!
Shut up, baby. I knew all along.
Oh, wow! A new name to the list of people who love me!
If I was you, I'd love me too.
The more I drink, the more attractive you become.
If only I could get *insert name of your celebrity crush here* to say that.
Chill!
Don't say, prove it!
Baby, I’m no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your bed rock! (Bedrock! Geddit?)
Oh, stop it you!
Flattery won’t get you anywhere, honey.
So what? Everyone loves me.
Who the heck are you?
That'll do pig, that'll do.
I’m getting hungry. Let’s get something to eat.
I’m broke.
Are you sure you aren’t sick or something?
Since when?
Why?
As I suspected!
Same.
Of course you do!
How could you not when I'm this awesome?
Yeah, thanks. I love myself too.
*takes out pepper spray*
I love you too, but as a friend.
Forget it, you know nothing about me!
I’m shutting my eyes tight so everything goes black.
And I’m calling the police.
I mean...who doesn’t love me?
funny-and-clever-replies-to-i-love-you
Hush, be quiet! My show is on.
You love me? Then shake it, baby!
Oh sh*t! Are you serious?
I love...cake!
Who, me? This crazy, slightly neurotic me? Well, you have a weird choice.
That's good, because me loving you would be kind of awkward if you didn't.
Well, don't!
Please fall in line.
Oh darling, if only there was someone who loved you as well.
“Grawrawroooo!" That's what my dog says.
So does my mom.
No. Nooo. Noooo! This can’t be true. I cannot be dead!
K.
So kiss me!
Huh? Come again?
I have to ask my parents first.
Awww! I love you too!
You ate my chocolate, didn’t you?
I love me too. What a coincidence!
Put it in writing, and I might consider it.
Excuse me?
Sorry, it’s raining outside. I can’t take you for a walk.
I've grown fond of you too.
Sorry, I only love cookies.
I’m sorry.
Yeah, but actions speak louder than words.
Stop beating around the bush! How much money do you want?
No, you don't. You are lying.
And you are like a candy bar: Half-sweet and half-nuts!
What do you want?
Sweetie, are you alright today?
Yeah, I am lovable!
It's okay. Accidents happen.
Okay, bye.
Don’t come closer. You might burn yourself.
I don't blame you.
Are you kidding me?! Pets don’t talk!
You look cold. Do you want to use me as a blanket?
For the love of god, why?
My love for you is like diarrhea: I just can’t hold it in!
No! You already owe me like 60 bucks! No more borrowing!
Thank you!
How dare you!
Oh really, that's so funny.
Love? Can I eat that?
*takes out gun* What did you do now?! You little piece of sh*t!
Hmmm...what were we talking abut?
I get it. I’ll do the dishes!
Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn.
I love you the biggest.
We'll bang, okay?
That’s the funniest joke you’ve ever told me!
You just love the idea of having someone.
Have you gone nuts?!
Arigatou gozaimasu!
To hell with your ‘I love you’, I need my money back!
HAHAHAHAHA! That’s a good one!
Really? Tell everyone around and I’ll believe you.
I know, I heard you the first time.
Tell me, for which boy/girl are you practicing this now?
Your parents must have been bakers, because you’ve got a nice set of buns.
If you love me that much, why don't you order a pizza for me and then let me decide about the intensity of your love.
Go ahead, make my day.
Are you drunk?
Why?
It’s going to take a little while before I could say the same to you.
Already? Damn, I’m good!
I love you too but please don’t tell the world that we are together now.
But first, you must pass the seven deadly trials of love.
Please send your application letter and resume to my email address.
Great legs, what time do they open?
Did you fart, because you just blew me away.
Fasten your seat belts, it's going to be a bumpy night.
Since you have said that, I have to think from my both hemispheres of brain before I could reply to you.
Duly noted.
Say that again. It’s turning me on.
Well, it looks like I just made a home-run with you.
Keep the change!
Good boy/girl.
Acknowledged.
Awesomesauce!
Stop! You’re giving me a headache.
How much?
Since you came up with the agenda today, we can surely work out on the possibilities of our relationship depending upon all the parameters.
Roger that.
Roses are red, violets are blue. Sometimes you suck, but I love you too.
I hate you!
Do you speak any other languages? I usually go with, "con todo mi corazon".
Yeah, that can happen.
That makes two of us!
Haha, cheers.
Ugh, here we go again!
And you are annoying.
What? I didn't hear you. Speak up!
Hey, what’s up? Guess what? It’s your lucky day! Out of all the boys/girls present here, I chose you.
You know what? My doctor says I’m afraid of commitment. Do you want to help me prove him/her wrong?
You must be tired because you’ve been running in my mind this whole time.
I have somewhat similar feelings for you, only the word "love" sounds like "H.A.T.E ."
Damn right you do! I’m extremely lovable!
How did you get inside my house?
It's understandable, you're only human.
Awww. That's very sweet, but I won’t give you any discount for the night.
Do you know karate, because your body is really kicking!
Hey baby, you’re so fine you make me stutter. Wh-wh-what’s your name again?
If you were a booger, I’d pick you.
I love you more.
Thank you. I am very fond of you.
Hearing you say that makes me so happy.
Did you know that you make the world a better place?
No, I love you!
You’re the only person who makes me smile constantly.
You’re so wonderful that you made me forget my reply to your “I love you.”
I’m so lucky to have you in my life.
I’m so happy that we have so much time to be with one another.
You embody everything that I am looking for.
I love you, and I cannot live without you in this world.
I feel the same way, and I will do everything just to prove it to you.
Your words are like candies: All very sweet!
I love you till infinity.
I’m yours, forever.
You make my soul sing in glee whenever you utter those words.
I love you more and more each day.
I would do anything and everything as long as I’m with you.
You are the best thing that ever happened to me.
I can’t say it enough—I love you more than anything else!
I will talk to you all night long and make you feel special.
I was just thinking the same about muffins.
I can’t wait to spend the rest of our lives together.
Everything about you turns me on.
I love you the most in this entire universe.
I don’t even want to think about what life would be like without you.
I’ll give you a kiss. If you don’t like it, you can return it.
Can you say that again? I didn’t hear you the first time.
You must be a smooth-talking thief. You just stole my heart with those words you just uttered.
I’m crazy about you.
I’m saving you half of my chocolate just to show you how much I really love you.
I love you more!
You make me burn with desire.
You always make me want to hug you tight.
cute-and-sweet-responses-to-i-love-you
Every time you talk to me, I fall in love with you more and more.
You complete me.
Who, me? This crazy, slightly neurotic me? Well, you have a weird choice.
Our forever is going to be spectacular.
I am unfathomably, unconditionally, and unequivocally in love with you!
You’re the sunshine of my existence.
You are my end and my beginning.
I can’t believe how hard I’ve fallen for you.
Roses are red. Violets are blue. Sugar is sweet. And so are you.
I love you a little more than I did a minute ago!
You complete me.
My heart calls out for you.
Every moment that I look at you, I feel love and inspiration.
It must be fate’s work that we’re together right now.
You are my destiny.
Know that when you’re cold, you can use me as a blanket.
God, I didn't expect that!
Every time I see you, you leave me breathless.
Of all your beautiful curves, your smile is my favorite.
Sometimes, I feel like my heart would burst with happiness when you say those three words.
There’s no need for words. Your smile says it all.
I can’t believe how perfectly we were made for each other.
If I could say how much I love you in mere words, the words in the dictionary won’t be enough.
I used to think I needed the whole world to love me, but it turns out I just needed one person to love me, and that’s you.
Awww, you’re so cute!
Those are but words. Now it’s time for action.
If we could categorize people, you’d be the best kind.
I can’t wait until I see you again in my dreams tonight!
Sometimes, I can’t stop looking at you because you look too damn good.
You are perfect to me.
I will choose you over pizza every day of my life.
I love you too, three, four, five, six…up to infinity.
And you are my one and only sweetheart!
cute-and-sweet-responses-to-i-love-you
It means so much that you're opening up to me like this. Thank you, and I love you as well.
I can't imagine life without you by my side.
You have no idea how much you have made me so happy.
I will bring you gifts every day.
You make me want to cook breakfast, lunch, and dinner for you.
I want you to be around me always.
I think this is the beginning of a beautiful romance.
If I were to spell out my favorite thing in the world, it’d be spelled ’Y-O-U’!
I'm so happy you told me.
Awww! I love you too!
I’m not a hoarder, but I want to keep you forever.
I cherish you above anything else in my life.
I feel such powerful adoration for you and only you.
You are the sunshine of my days and the moonlight of my nights.
Ah, those are the words I love to hear from you the most.
I feel so lucky to be with someone like you.
You’re my dream come true.
You are my treasure—the most precious thing in my life.
My heart melts every time I hear those words from you.
You’re my baby, and you know that.
Those three magic words never fail to make my day.
I've grown fond of you too.
Oh, that is so cute. I love it when you say cute things like that.
Everything you do in my life adds to my happiness, subtracts from my sadness, and multiplies my joy!
I will never love another person with as much intensity as I love you.
If this was all a dream, I'd choose not to wake up.
I like the way your lips move whenever you say that.
For you, I will risk it all.
How did you become the utterly amazing person that you are now?
I will catch the stars in the sky just to give them to you.
My heart’s pieces wouldn’t be complete without you.
I’d like to record your voice saying those words so I can listen to them again and again.
Every time you say those words, it feels like I’m in heaven.
You are the whole galaxy to me.
I can’t think straight, even for a second, when you’re not with me.
I’ve always thought happiness started with ‘H.’ I now realize that it actually starts with ‘U.’
Just say the words, and I will be your partner-in-crime for life.
Always remember that my love for you is sweeter than sugar.
I think you're pretty awesome too.
Say that again! It’s turning me on.