Seeing your face is the fastest way to put a smile on mine.
Kissing you is my favorite thing to do.
I love how you always can make me laugh.
When I see you, I get butterflies.
Hugging you is the best medicine for when I’m feeling down.
The only thing that could make me love you more is a ring!
I want you to wrap me in your arms.
I start missing you before you’ve even left.
Love is finding someone you always want to hang out with.
I’m mad about you.
I will always wait for you.
You’re my everything.
It’s impossible not to love you.
All that you are is all that I’ll ever need.
I can’t stop thinking about you.
I love you to infinity and beyond!
You make me excited in ways that no one else can.
I get butterflies just thinking about the next time I’ll see you.
You check boxes on my wishlist I didn’t even know I wanted.
I love you more than chocolate, and that’s a lot!
I’m selfish because I want you all to myself.
You’re my first thought when I wake up, and my last thought before I fall asleep.
I knew I was in trouble the moment I first met you!
No matter how cold it is outside, I know I’ll always be warm in your arms.
True love sounded like a fairytale until I found you.
You’re my definition of perfect.
I want to be the princess if you’ll be my prince.
The best part of my day is when I get to talk to you.
Calling me cute is nice, calling me hot is great, but calling me yours is all I want.
You can make even my worst days better.
I love you every second, every minute, every hour, and every day.
You make my heart beat faster
I like-like you.
One day, we’ll never have to say goodbye, just goodnight.
I could be happy living in an isolated beach hut with you.
I know it’s still too soon to know, but I hope you’re the one.
From where I’m standing, our future together looks pretty amazing.
I hope you like me in white dresses.
I’m jealous of people who get to see you every day.
If you asked, I’d say yes.
We were meant for each other.
God made you just for me.
You make me excited, you make me nervous, you make me crazy, but most of all, you make me happy.
Nothing is sadder than imagining my life without you.
I don’t need the whole world to love me, just you.
Even though some things don’t need to be spoken, they’re still nice to hear. I love you.
All of me loves all of you.
Take my hand, and my whole life too, cause I can’t help falling in love with you.
Love songs are even sweeter now that they’re about you and me.
No one was ever told “I love you” too many times.