“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.”― Dr. Seuss
“I fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, and then all at once.”― John Green, The Fault in Our Stars
“Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up.”― Neil Gaiman, The Kindly Ones
“There is never a time or place for true love. It happens accidentally, in a heartbeat, in a single flashing, throbbing moment.”― Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever
“Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.”― Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land
“Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it.”― Nicholas Sparks, A Walk to Remember
“You don't love someone because they're perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they're not.”― Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper
“We’re all a little weird. And life is a little weird. And when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutually satisfying weirdness—and call it love—true love.”― Robert Fulghum, True Love
“If I had a flower for every time I thought of you... I could walk through my garden forever.”― Alfred Tennyson
"Always," said Snape.― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“So, I love you because the entire universe conspired to help me find you.”― Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist
“You are so busy being you that you have no idea how utterly unprecedented you are.”― John Green, The Fault in Our Stars
“I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you. Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more”― Angelita Lim
“I look at you and see the rest of my life in front of my eyes.”― Unknown
“Some people care too much. I think it’s called love.”― A.A. Milne
“How do you spell 'love'?" - Piglet
"You don't spell it... you feel it." - Pooh”― A.A. Milne
“Any day spent with you is my favorite day. So today is my new favorite day.”― A.A. Milne
“How lucky am I to have something that makes saying good-bye so hard,”― A.A. Milne
