I think we could be good together.
Your lips are the sweetest part of my day.
You’re my future.
I’m lucky to call you my girlfriend.
My love for you grows every day.
I just want you to know how important you are to me.
What I love most about you is how you can look at the positive in any situation.
You drive me crazy!
You’re really my angel here on Earth.
I wish I were holding your hand right now.
Beautiful, smart, and funny, you’re everything I could have hoped for.
You’re everything to me.
When you walked into my life, I walked into a dream.
When you’re on my arm, I feel like the luckiest guy in the world.
I don’t care where I am, as long as you’re with me.
You’re my sunshine, even on the cloudiest of days.
The best thing about me is you.
You make my heart sing.
No girl could ever make me feel the way that you do.
I’m honored that you’d ever be with me.
I know I don’t deserve you, but I’m so glad you thought otherwise!
Every moment you’re away, my heart aches more.
You make every room you’re in a little brighter.
Whenever you don’t feel like you’re good enough, just remember there’s no one better to me.
You’re everything I could want, and everything I hope to be.
I know there is a Heaven, as God sent me you.
I’m completely, overwhelmingly, absolutely addicted to you.
You’re my treasure.
I love who you are.
One smile can’t change the world, but your smile changes mine.
I would watch romantic comedies with you, just so I could sit next to you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, there's only one true love, and this my love is you.
Finding you was luckier than finding any four-leaf clover.
You’re my heart’s warmth on a cold day.
If I could be with anyone, I would still want you.
I will never stop trying to win your heart.
Before I met you, I never knew what I was missing. Now that I know you, I could never be without you again.
I’m all yours if you’re all mine.
I knew my love for you was real when I realized I care more about you than I do myself.
Neither of us is perfect, but somehow we’re perfect together.
The thought of being with you tomorrow is what gives me the strength to get through today.
If I’ve ever done something right, it was being with you.
The things I love most about you, you don’t even realize you do.
The only thing I want in this world is "us."
You stole my heart, but I’ll let you keep it.
I want to be the person who makes you believe in true love.
If everything I’ve done has brought me to you, then I don’t regret a thing.
My world would be empty with you in it.
I’ve never wanted something as badly as I want your love.
I never imagined getting to be with you; now I can’t imagine being without you.