The day I married you was the first day I understood what happiness was.
You taught me what love really means.
I’m proud to have you as my husband.
I could not have asked for a more caring, thoughtful husband.
Thank you for all you do around the house.
You know me better than anyone else.
Marrying you was the best decision I’ve ever made.
Sometimes, I look at you and wonder what I did to deserve someone as wonderful as you as my husband.
If I could do it all over again, I would in a heartbeat.
You always know just what to say to make me feel better.
You’re my best friend.
I’m happiest when you’re home.
You ended my searching.
As soon as I said, “I do,” I knew I’d never feel unwanted again.
I prayed for you, and God answered.
The most important person in my life is you.
You’re my Prince Charming, and this is our ‘happily ever after.”
When you leave, my heart leaves with you.
My heart beats only for you.
Life isn’t always easy, but it’s a lot easier with you by my side.
You’ll never be able to escape from my heart.
You put your arms around me, and I’m home.
Have I told you lately that I love you?
Thank you for loving me and my flaws.
Something tells me we were meant to be together forever.
You’re my one and only.
You’re the most handsome man in the whole world.
God blessed me immensely when He put you in my life.
I wouldn’t want anyone else to be the father of my children!
My favorite place is inside your hug.
I always knew you were the one for me.
You have always been and always will be my person.
Our love may not have always been a fairytale, but it is still my favorite love story.
I look at you and see the rest of my life in front of my eyes.
You’ve given me the greatest gift in the world, making me a wife and mother.
I still get excited when you get home from work.
Today, tomorrow, and forever, my heart belongs to you.
I’ll be your Ellie if you’ll be my Carl.
Marrying you was the easiest decision I’ve ever made.
I wouldn’t want to be on this adventure with anyone else.
I love you now, and I’ll love you even more tomorrow.
Even if I wasn’t your first love, I know I’ll be your last.
Some people go through their whole life looking for what we’ve already found.
I love you more than words could ever describe.
You’re the best thing that’s ever been mine.
Watching you play with our children makes me love you more than I ever thought possible.
I’m so happy to be sharing this life with you.
Just wanted to let you know that I will never stop loving you.
I need you, and I always will.
Grow old with me, for the best is yet to be.